The project aims to design and develop a web portal for technical club of a university. The main objective is to bring students together who practically want to see people use technology in the best way possible. In any club the first round of recruitment process is the online test, students can give their test using the recruitment page in the portal. The website provides the details of upcoming event and also lets student to register for the event. take part in an event conducted by the club and students can also give their reviews about the event were attended in and also includes all the  information about the club like team details, sponsors and about the events the club has conducted in the past. The website also allows users to add and view other users and admins reviews, take a quiz for recruitment and view their results. The website provides the admins with a facility to add questions and answers which then dynamically will be displayed to the user. The website also has the facility to send an email to the user or admin for verification of the email or for resetting their password. The website was developed using HTML, CSS,  JavaScript, PHP and MySQL. HTML and CSS was used for the designing and the layout of the website, JavaScript was used for the functionality of dynamically loading questions into the quiz page, navigation within the quiz page, transferring data from one page to another using cookies and sessions, validation of forms such as login page and registration and navigation to the other pages. PHP was used mainly for transferring data from one page to another, sessions and cookies and retrieving, updating, selecting and deleting data from the database. The database we used was of MySQL where we created six tables users, admin_table, review, reviews, quiz and event. Where users stored the user table, admin_table store admin details, review stored quiz results, reviews stored review submitted by users and admins, quiz stored the questions which were to be loaded into to website and event which stored event registration details.
